fastly outage (#233)
jenkins-infra/status: content/issues/2023-01-25-network-outage.md

---
title: Outage on jenkins.io
date: 2023-01-25T09:10:00-00:00
resolved: true
resolvedWhen: 2023-01-25T09:35:00-00:00
# Possible severity levels: down, disrupted, notice
severity: down
affected:
  - jenkins.io
section: issue
---

> Not all users where impacted, which led to an incident on fastly side : https://www.fastlystatus.com/incident/375724

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We manually tested and purged the fastly cache and saw the errors (on team members affected networks) disappearing.

As not all users where impacted, we think it's an incident on fastly side : https://www.fastlystatus.com/incident/375724
```

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
----

```

> The [jenkins.io](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/security/scan/) send a 503 error for some internet providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [jenkins.io](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/security/scan/) website responds with HTTP/503 errors for some users and some pages (but not all).
```

---
title: Outage on jenkins.io
date: 2023-01-25T09:10:00-00:00
resolved: true
resolvedWhen: 2023-01-25T09:35:00-00:00
# Possible severity levels: down, disrupted, notice
severity: down
affected:
  - jenkins.io
section: issue
---

> 
> We manually tested and purged the fastly cache and saw the errors (on team members affected networks) disappearing.
> 
> As not all users where impacted, we think it's an incident on fastly side : https://www.fastlystatus.com/incident/375724
> 
> ----
> 
> The [jenkins.io](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/security/scan/) website responds with HTTP/503 errors for some users and some pages (but not all).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

[Final message]
We manually tested and purged the fastly cache and saw the errors (on team members affected networks) disappearing.

As not all users where impacted, we think it's an incident on fastly side : https://www.fastlystatus.com/incident/375724

[Initial message]
The [jenkins.io](https://www.jenkins.io/doc/developer/security/scan/) website responds with HTTP/503 errors for some users and some pages (but not all).
```
